fights it back that fish after
whatsoever okay we all know that the
time flee noble eyelids gotta go up
second half forget about Toland bulbs
Jamie we malice straight away and I'd
better get into this game when we go out
of the mandible think we're gonna lose
this game and I straight into them get
about all them goals okay anyway station
may each other thing about the positive
ones they've done like if we think
positive we can do this in everyone said
I don't need to think about them goals
okay I don't care who's out there van
altena over now though right ekdum at
anything good I'm gonna get them go to
right second half Mabel to do this like
boys this is unfilled that means
something flows meet some of the funds
we need to do this you want to win this
for also what I'm in this for funds okay
ya gotta do this point that was where
the better side this is anfield we've
got bandz all over the world to see
us play and we want to give them what
they want to see I mean we've just got
it place of our temper we've gotta get
of control of the game you know you've
seen them get peace and last week you
know then no good week you know where
the better side and look at all the fans
out there they love you is they want to
see us win right so it starts talent
you've gotta hold the ball up front
you've got to be looking for the road
but you've also got a drop in until the
football as well Jamie at the back
you've got to pick those balls out and
then look for your man Steve you've got
to be available you you getting caught
too far on the way you've got a cool
short offer the man fills in San whole
five minutes short passes keep the ball
play some famous football go out there
and win the game now does anyone
disagree with me like come on that boys
I started